Practice Qigong God
rapt attention
Unsheathed
Heaven and earth are wrong
Husband, you have practiced the Dragon Technique
Wife, this 9-turn big change order is too amazing.
Didn't the old man say it would take 3 days to complete?
I said it, isn't it all your fault?
Last night, I needed to cultivate others
3 days of things are all done
Now that I have practiced the Dragon God Technique
Is it later
There is no need to practice day and night
Yeah.
But I have inherited the throne of the Dragon King
The comfort of the elephant
What dangers will there be in the future?
So I can't neglect, right?
You're right actually.
I'm the one who's small.
As the saying goes
Diligence can make up for weakness
Since we are for the safety of the building
Then we can't stop for a moment
I'm going to take a shower first
Wife
If you don't come out in a minute
I'll give you a mandarin duck bath
No, my sister is in danger
Husband you
What about people?
What else do you say?
People are gone